A case so walk to exercise to this section this exercise is going to test your knowledge of the date
month and year functions.
Now in our system or booking system database we only have data for Oct 2017.
But when you are answering these three questions I'm going to ask you to pretend that we have multiple
years of data.
So the first exercise is to select the film ID and start time from the screenings table for the dates
of 20th of October 2017.
The second exercise is to select the data from the screenings table for the start time between the 6th
and 13th of October 2017 and then the final exercise is to select all the data from the screenings table
for October 2017.
So have a go.
Each of these exercises and I'll see you in the next video for the solutions to each one.